"I'll take the odds against Caravan."

"In poneys?"

"Done."

And Lord Milford, a young noble, entered in his book the bet
which he had just made with Mr Latour, a grey headed member of
the Jockey Club.

It was the eve of the Derby of 1837.  In a vast and golden
saloon, that in its decorations would have become, and in its
splendour would not have disgraced, Versailles in the days of
the grand monarch, were assembled many whose hearts beat at
the thought of the morrow, and whose brains still laboured to
control its fortunes to their advantage.

"They say that Caravan looks puffy," lisped in a low voice a
young man, lounging on the edge of a buhl table that had once
belonged to a Mortemart, and dangling a rich cane with
affected indifference in order to conceal his anxiety from
all, except the person whom he addressed.

"They are taking seven to two against him freely over the
way," was the reply.  "I believe it's all right."

"Do you know I dreamed last night something about Mango,"
continued the gentleman with the cane, and with a look of
uneasy superstition.

His companion shook his head.

"Well," continued the gentleman with the cane, "I have no
opinion of him.  I gave Charles Egremont the odds against
Mango this morning; he goes with us, you know.  By the bye,
who is our fourth?"

"I thought of Milford," was the reply in an under tone.  "What
say you?"

"Milford is going with St James and Punch Hughes."

"Well, let us come into supper, and we shall see some fellow
we like."

So saying, the companions, taking their course through more
than one chamber, entered an apartment of less dimensions than
the principal saloon, but not less sumptuous in its general
appearance.  The gleaming lustres poured a flood of soft yet
brilliant light over a plateau glittering with gold plate, and
fragrant with exotics embedded in vases of rare porcelain.
The seats on each side of the table were occupied by persons
consuming, with a heedless air, delicacies for which they had
no appetite; while the conversation in general consisted of
flying phrases referring to the impending event of the great
day that had already dawned.

"Come from Lady St Julian's, Fitz?" said a youth of very
tender years, and whose fair visage was as downy and as
blooming as the peach from which with a languid air he
withdrew his lips to make this inquiry of the gentleman with
the cane.

"Yes; why were not you there?"

"I never go anywhere," replied the melancholy Cupid,
"everything bores me so."

"Well, will you go to Epsom with us to-morrow, Alfred?" said
Lord Fitzheron.  "I take Berners and Charles Egremont, and
with you our party will be perfect."

"I feel so cursed blas‚!" exclaimed the boy in a tone of
elegant anguish.

"It will give you a fillip, Alfred," said Mr Berners; "do you
all the good in the world."

"Nothing can do me good," said Alfred, throwing away his
almost untasted peach, "I should be quite content if anything
could do me harm.  Waiter, bring me a tumbler of Badminton."

"And bring me one too," sighed out Lord Eugene De Vere, who
was a year older than Alfred Mountchesney, his companion and
brother in listlessness.  Both had exhausted life in their
teens, and all that remained for them was to mourn, amid the
ruins of their reminiscences, over the extinction of
excitement.

"Well, Eugene, suppose you come with us."  said Lord
Fitzheron.

"I think I shall go down to Hampton Court and play tennis,"
said Lord Eugene.  "As it is the Derby, nobody will be there."

"And I will go with you, Eugene," said Alfred Mountchesney,
"and we will dine together afterwards at the Toy.  Anything is
better than dining in this infernal London."

"Well, for my part," said Mr Berners.  "I do not like your
suburban dinners.  You always get something you can't eat, and
cursed bad wine."

"I rather like bad wine," said Mr Mountchesney; "one gets so
bored with good wine."

"Do you want the odds against Hybiscus, Berners?" said a
guardsman looking up from his book, which he had been very
intently studying.

"All I want is some supper, and as you are not using your
place--"

"You shall have it.  Oh!  here's Milford, he will give them
me."

And at this moment entered the room the young nobleman whom we
have before mentioned, accompanied by an individual who was
approaching perhaps the termination of his fifth lustre but
whose general air rather betokened even a less experienced
time of life.  Tall, with a well-proportioned figure and a
graceful carriage, his countenance touched with a sensibility
that at once engages the affections.  Charles Egremont was not
only admired by that sex, whose approval generally secures men
enemies among their fellows, but was at the same time the
favourite of his own.
"Ah, Egremont!  come and sit here," exclaimed more than one
banqueter.

"I saw you waltzing with the little Bertie, old fellow," said
Lord Fitzheron, "and therefore did not stay to speak to you,
as I thought we should meet here.  I am to call for you,
mind."

"How shall we all feel this time to-morrow?" said Egremont,
smiling.

"The happiest fellow at this moment must be Cockie Graves,"
said Lord Milford.  "He can have no suspense I have been
looking over his book, and I defy him, whatever happens, not
to lose."

"Poor Cockie."  said Mr Berners; "he has asked me to dine with
him at the Clarendon on Saturday."

"Cockie is a very good Cockie," said Lord Milford, "and
Caravan is a very good horse; and if any gentleman sportsman
present wishes to give seven to two, I will take him to any
amount."

"My book is made up," said Egremont; "and I stand or fall by
Caravan."

"And I."

"And I."

"And I."

"Well, mark my words," said a fourth, rather solemnly, "Rat-
trap wins."